Add "Anki Flashcards: Study Smarter" to the knockoff list (#49)
ankitects/faqs: src/anki-knockoffs.md

# Anki knockoffs

> *AnkiApp*, *Anki Pro*, and *Anki Flashcards: Study Smarter* were developed by separate groups of people, and they are not related to the rest of the Anki ecosystem. They were released years after Anki was already established in the marketplace, and we suspect the names were deliberately chosen to take advantage of the brand recognition we have built up. Using Anki in the name implies that they will function with the other Anki clients, which they do not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*AnkiApp*, *Anki Pro* (now *Noji*), and other similarly named apps were developed by separate groups of people, and they are not related to the rest of the Anki ecosystem. They were released years after Anki was already established in the marketplace, and we suspect the names were deliberately chosen to take advantage of the brand recognition we have built up. Using Anki in the name implies that they will function with the other Anki clients, which they do not.
```

> If you have downloaded these apps in error, please consider leaving a review on the app store alerting people to the fact that they are not the real Anki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have downloaded any of these apps in error, please consider leaving a review on the App/Play Store alerting people to the fact that they are not the real Anki.
```
